became what I five yeah boy Atticus
migenetica what's good was good back up
an ability boy DJ delz youtube.com
forward slash the sneaker addict shout
out to my blacks like the sneaker
addict.com for your news on what's going
on in the sneaker world 24-7 brand-new
pick up these are the air joining 2011
the Orion colorway for the warrior pack
I want these sneakers but I thought 170
was kind of crazy it seemed a little
high for me but I finally got a great
presentation you got a bunch of stuff
that comes with and I'm going to show
you them right now comes with like this
towel right here and it breaks down the
technology of the sneaker then it comes
with these insoles in these bags right
here they're like a bite it's like a
vinyl bag with these insoles got these
tickets for like 70 bucks on clearance
so i did a video on it if you didn't see
that video bomb there's the link if you
want to watch that video but here's the
insoles one says be quick other one says
expose here is this sneaker right here
real hot sneaker I think the sneak is
real nice I wasn't a fan really of most
of the 2,000 whatever sneakers a drop
that I think that they started in 09
2010 2011 this one is the one 2011 type
is a great job so let's get into review
you've got like this aurion blue color
that's like fading in and out so i got
this laser it in design over here on the
leather blue outsole which is
transparent and then you got a cool
design here which is actually on the box
too then you got on the midsole like a
light grey kind of like going pattern
it's like a graph pattern almost like
you got a smooth leather of this grey on
the upper a little bit of a match over
here on the ankle transparent grey pull
tab on the back it's a grey on the
tongue with the black jumpman black top
man on the back I love the detail in the
jumpman see
detail on it it's real nice how they
have it all detail I think that's really
really a nice quality you got blue laces
over a move you got blue laces over a
blue mesh tongue right here I don't know
if I'm gonna put these great laces or
the blue leave a comment let me know how
you guys feel about that i'm going to
show you what these look like going feet
and we'll be right back what do you guys
think that's gonna be a great summer
shoe it's a nice day out today in New
York I could wear this today but that
before the summer there's a real nice I
think leave a comment let me know all
rights we saw with these look like all
feet make sure to leave a comment make
sure to LIKE the video if you liked the
video there's a like button some on the
screen make sure to share the video also
Facebook Twitter always appreciate that
love make sure to check out the sneak
attack calm morning noon and night like
clockwork that's my official blog I
personally run I updated 24-7 on your
news on releases to new news on sneakers
so I'm working really hard to keep you
guys updated so if you're a fan of the
show make sure you check out the blog
each and every day because I'm working
really hard to keep everyone informed on
new releases and the works so with that
said I'll be back Rilla brother brother
brother soup